No no
These are all misunderstandings.
Some unscrupulous sandwich articles
I originally wanted to cooperate with the Ye family
Hey come on
Boss, what do you want?
Hurry up and let Miss Ye and Mr. Shen in
Oh no no
Mr. George
I still changed my name to walnut yesterday.
I think the previous contract was very good.
Miss Ye, please take a look.
Not suitable
I think it's appropriate that you don't have me.
All right, all right.
Then let's sign the contract now
Happy cooperation
Miss Ye, Miss Ye, happy cooperation, happy cooperation.
Mr. Shen expressed his apologies
This is a subsidiary of our Huanyu Group.
The ultimate black card for all industries
You can enjoy all the highest specifications for free
Please accept it with a smile.
OK
You are sensible
You two walk slowly
It turns out that the Ye family has already married the owner
ask for leave
This straw bag almost ruined my garden group
You order it right away
Let the people below
Cut off all business with animals yes sir